well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again had a vet asked me to do a
do's and don'ts of Memorial Day like no
I'm not the right guy to do this if he
said no your perfect guy to do this
veteran channels tend to only reach
veterans veterans already know this
politicians have no interest in talking
about it therefore people don't know mm
I'm not sure rule 303 you've got the
means so here we are okay so the first
thing I want to address and this will be
certainly shown in the comments section
is that veterans are not a singularity
they don't all think the same way
contrary to the way they're portrayed in
fact I'm certain that there is one
bullet point here that will demonstrate
that very clearly okay Armed Forces Day
Veterans Day and Memorial Day three very
different things Armed Forces Day active
duty Veterans Day anybody who served
Memorial Day people who died that's what
the days are for all of a sudden saying
happy Memorial Day seems really weird
right okay so keep that in mind
you're gonna have your barbeque or
whatever you're gonna invite your of
that buddies over happy Memorial Day may
not be the appropriate thing to say it's
a day to remember the fallen it's a day
to remember those lost it's not a happy
day it is not a happy day more
importantly for today's vets if you're
younger and you're inviting people over
who are in Iraq or Afghanistan these are
still wounds they're not scars yet so
every day to them is Memorial Day
they're remembering it every day so just
bear that in mind
when you have these that's over there
there are two questions you don't ask
just don't
the first is did you see combat did you
see any action something along these
lines when you ask this question you're
gonna see the guy it isn't because that
particular question necessarily caused
him any distress or hurt any distress
it's because they know what's coming
next
did you kill anyone don't ask that just
don't there's a limited number of
situations you've got a person who went
over and saw nothing how could that
cause them any distress they may feel
guilty I know that sounds weird they may
feel like they didn't do their part not
all but some are gonna have that feeling
then you have the guy or woman who went
over saw something and didn't kill
anyone maybe they're they're remembering
somebody on Memorial Day maybe they feel
like they let that person down they
probably want to talk about it either
then you got the guy who killed someone
and feels bad obviously doesn't want to
talk about it then you've got the person
who killed someone and is completely
apathetic to it just doesn't care and
either they're part of that four percent
that we've talked about in other videos
or they haven't processed it yet may not
want to bring it up and then the one
person you can run into that I can
assure you will make you stop asking
this question forever is the person who
killed someone and liked it because they
exist and they're never who you think
they are this guy's probably a
schoolteacher now but I've got a few
beers in them you kill anyone
next thing you know you're looking at a
kill book and you will never look at him
the same way
just don't ask this question ever okay
the gold star families now these flags
they come out these lapel pins they show
up particularly on Memorial Day what
this means and a flag it's a white flag
with a red border and then in the middle
of it there's a gold star with a blue
border
this means they lost somebody in their
media family that's what it means and
sometimes it's a lapel pin now you
probably want to say something I'm sorry
for your loss
leave it at that just leave it at that
in older times it might have been
appropriate and well-received to say you
know he died for a good cause or she
died for a good cause not all gold star
families today are gonna respond well to
that they don't all believe that because
of of the wars in which they were lost
that may provoke a conversation you
might not want to have at a barbecue so
I'm sorry for your loss the next thing
and this is kind of odd it may seem odd
it's really not just have the barbecue
have the event
don't try to relate and there's a
one-one of the people I talked to they
said it the perfect way I would rather
they buy their mattress have their
barbecue and have a good time then try
to relate because they can't in at least
one of these two ways I can have a good
time too
so just remember the fall
leave those that are here kind of out of
it
now the next one they wanted addressed
and man okay they're certain that people
will kneel for the Fallen during the
national anthem organ to them now this
was a certain subset of that's it's the
perfect day to do it I'm certain right
now somebody is typing a comment and
that's fine y'all can hash this out in
the comment section I'm not even getting
involved in this conversation their
logic is that when people are kneeling
during the national anthem today they
are kneeling for those killed unjustly
by law enforcement to them it is
remembering the fallen and that is more
in line with the holiday holiday there's
more live with the day then at a
barbecue at least it's for the same
purpose I guess ok so what is the best
thing you can do for Memorial Day make
sure that those who are active duty
today get to celebrate Veterans Day and
not get remembered on Memorial Day wars
require your silent consent if it is an
unjust or unnecessary war don't give it
you've got a voice use it that is the
most important thing that you can do is
to make this holiday know
we stop losing people we don't need to
remember them okay so now you know
knowing is half the battle the other
half is a violence anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night